VirtualBox Personal Use and Evaluation License (PUEL)

License version 6, July 28, 2008

Sun Microsystems, Inc. ("Sun") grants you the right to use the software
product as defined in section 1 according to the following provisions.
If you do not agree to all conditions set forth by this license, you may
not use the product, because only Sun as the product's owner can give
you permission to use it.

1. SUBJECT OF LICENSE.  "Product", as referred to in this License, shall
be the binary software package "VirtualBox", which allows for creating
multiple virtual computers, each with different operating systems ("Guest
Computers"), on a physical computer with a specific operating system
("Host Computer"), to allow for installing and executing these Guest
Computers simultaneously. The Product consists of executable files in
machine code for the Windows, Mac OS X, Linux and Solaris operating
systems as well as other data files as required by the executable files
at run-time and documentation in electronic form.

2. GRANT OF LICENSE.  (1) Sun grants you a personal right to install and
execute the Product on a Host Computer for  Personal Use or Educational
Use or for Evaluation. "Personal Use" requires that you use the product
on the same Host Computer where you installed it yourself and that no
more than one client connect to that Host Computer at a time for the
purpose of displaying Guest Computers remotely. "Educational use" is
any use in an academic institution (schools, colleges and universities,
by teachers and students). "Evaluation" means testing the product for a
reasonable period (that is, normally for a few weeks); after expiry of
that term, you are no longer permitted to evaluate the Product.

(2) The "VirtualBox Guest Additions" are a set of drivers and utilities
that are shipped as a subset of the Product for the purpose of being
installed inside a Guest Computer to improve its performance and
cooperation with the rest of the Product. In addition to and independent
of the rights granted by subsection 1, Sun allows you to install, execute,
copy and redistribute a) unmodified copies of the ISO installation medium
of the VirtualBox Guest Additions as shipped with the Product and b)
the VirtualBox Guest Additions together with the Guest Computer into
which they have been installed.

3. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS.  Any use beyond the provisions of article 2.
is prohibited.  Sun reserves all copyrights and other intellectual
property rights. This includes, but is not limited to, the right to
modify, make available or public, rent out, lease, lend or otherwise
distribute the Product. This does not apply as far as applicable law
may require it or Sun grants you additional rights of use in a separate
license in writing.

4. TERMINATION.  This License shall be valid infinitely. Sun may
terminate the License only for material causes. In particular, such a
material cause can be a violation of the usage terms or a breach of other
essential duties from this contract. After termination, you are required
to delete and destroy all remaining copies of the Product. This includes,
but is not limited to, installed copies and backups.

5. NO WARRANTIES.  Since you have not paid for the use of the Product,
there is no warranty for it, to the extent permitted by applicable
law. Sun provides the Product "as is" without warranty of any kind,
either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, the implied
warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. The
entire risk as to the quality and performance of the Product is with
you. Should it prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary
servicing, repair, or correction. In addition, Sun shall be allowed to
provide updates to the Product in urgent cases. You are then obliged to
install such updates. Such an urgent case includes, but is not limited
to, a claim of rights to the Product by a third party.

6. MISCELLANEOUS.  There are no license terms beyond the written ones in
this agreement. Amendments of, additions to and the joint revocation of
this agreement shall require the written form. The same shall apply to
the preceding written form requirement. Standard business conditions of
the parties shall not apply. Place of performance and legal venue shall
be Santa Clara, California, the domicile of Sun. Any action related
to this Agreement will be governed by California law and controlling
U.S. federal law. No choice of law rules of any jurisdiction will apply.

