Terms of Service

S2 Games, LLC (herein referred to as S2) is composed of Savage 2, http://savage2.s2games.com, all related sites, online play environments and activities and in of S2 Games, LLC realm. S2 Games, LLC and it's subsidiaries and affiliates own these sites and services. Your use of S2 is subject at all times to our Terms of Service (TOS), or Privacy Policy (PP) and our Beta Policy (BP).

Violation of our TOS, may result in a warning about the violation, or we may choose to immediately terminate any and all accounts that you have established. You acknowledge that S2 is not required to provide you notice before terminating your Account, but it may choose to do so.

If you have questions about the Terms of Service, please contact us by sending an email to TOS@s2games.com

1. Savage 2 Online Account Registration

You are solely responsible for all activity on your Account and for the security of your computer system. You may not reveal your password to other users. S2 will not ask you to reveal your password or ever initiate any contact with you asking for your reminder words. (If you forget your password, you can tell us your reminder words and we will send you your password.) You agree to indemnify and hold S2 harmless for any improper or illegal use of your Account. Information you see on our Service. S2, our Members, our affiliates, and our independent content providers provide most of the Content on S2. S2 does not pre-screen all Content. You bear the entire risk of the completeness, accuracy or usefulness of Content found on S2.

Strong vulgar language, hate speech, crude or explicit sexual references, discussions of illegal drugs, terrorist plots, and subversive behavior are inappropriate Some game play and chat rooms may involve use of stronger language than others, including mild expletives. Always use your best judgment in online conduct. If you would not say something in a room full of people you have never met, or in the workplace, don't post it on our message boards or chat.

S2 does not endorse, approve, or prescreen any Content that you or other users communicate on the Service. S2 does not assume any responsibility or liability for Content that is generated by Members or other guests on S2. We reserve the right to remove Content that is objectionable to us for any reason. This determination is in our sole discretion, and is final. S2 does not assume any liability for any failure to remove, or any delay in removing, Content.

If we removed Content that you created, we may send you a warning. If it's a serious offense or you've violated our rules before, we may ban you from participating on S2 and terminate your Account.

2. Online Conduct

Online conduct should be guided by common sense and basic etiquette. The laws that apply in the offline world must be obeyed online as well. We have zero tolerance for illegal behavior at S2. You must also obey rules for use of third party tools, and rules of interactive service providers, state, local, federal laws, or foreign or international law where appropriate. Ignorance of the law is no excuse. We terminate use of S2 and cooperate with law enforcement for illegal behavior.

You agree that you will be personally responsible for your use of S2 and for all of your communication and activity on the Service, including any Content you contribute, and that you will indemnify and hold harmless S2., its affiliates, employees, officers, and directors from any liability or damages arising from your conduct on S2, including any Content that you contribute.

You will violate the Terms of Service if you (or others using your Account) do any of the following:

   1. Harass, threaten, embarrass, or do anything else to another Member or guest that is unwanted.
   2. Transmit or facilitate distribution of Content that is harmful, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, vulgar, sexually explicit, defamatory, infringing, invasive of personal privacy or publicity rights, or in a reasonable person's view, objectionable. Hate speech is not tolerated.
   3. Impersonate another person (including celebrities), indicate that you are an S2 employee or a representative of S2.
   4. Upload any software or Content that you do not own or have permission to freely distribute.
   5. Promote or encourage any illegal activity including hacking, cracking or distribution of counterfeit software.
   6. Post, transmit, promote, or distribute Content that is illegal.
   7. Upload files that contain a virus or corrupted data.
   8. Post messages for any purpose other than personal communication, including without limitation advertising, promotional materials, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or make any commercial use of our Service.
   9. Use or distribute "auto" software programs, "macro" software programs or other "cheat utility" software program or applications.
  10. You must obey all applicable laws, regulations and rules wherever you are on the Service. This includes rules for use of third-party technology and content, rules of interactive service providers, and federal, state, local and foreign laws where applicable. Ignorance of the law is no excuse. The laws that apply in the offline world must be obeyed online as well. We have zero tolerance for illegal behavior on the Service. We will cooperate with law enforcement in such matters.
  11. You will not exploit any bug in S2's product to gain unfair advantage in the game and you will not communicate the existence of any such bug (either directly or through the public posting) to any other user of the Service.

If you encounter another user of the Service who is violating any of the Rules of Conduct described above, please report them using the "Help" or "Report Abuse" functions of the Service

Commercial Activity and Unsolicited E-mail.

You may not advertise any goods or services on S2. Chain letters and pyramid schemes are not allowed. You may not use any area of S2 to collect information, including login names, about S2 Members, and use of such information to send unsolicited e-mail or for any other purpose is strictly prohibited. You may not exploit S2e, or any games or services offered on S2 for any commercial purpose. Any violation of these provisions can subject your S2 Account(s) to immediate termination (or result in revocation of Guest status, if you are a guest) and further legal action.

3. Alpha / Beta Policy

If you have been selected to the alpha or beta program for any of S2's products you do so under the following pretenses:

Alpha/Beta Tests

Alpha/beta tests are confidential. The games, including information about features and functionality to be offered as part of the games, are confidential. If you participate in a alpha/beta test, you will use your best efforts to safeguard and to prevent unauthorized access to, copying, disclosure, and unauthorized use of the beta games. In addition no recordings, no screenshots, no assets grabs of any type will be permitted. You will carry out the testing personally and not provide access to beta games to any other person. You agree that breach of the above confidentiality obligations will cause irreparable harm to S2, and S2 is entitled to (in addition to any other remedies available to it) ex parte injunctive relief without bond to prevent the breach or threatened breach of your obligations.

By starting an alpha/beta game, you agree that: Playing alpha/beta games is at your own risk and that you know that the games may include known or unknown bugs, Any value or status indicators that you achieve through game play may be erased at any time, S2's TOS applies to your use of the games during the testing phase, and, you will keep all information about the alpha/beta games confidential as stated above and not disclose such information to any other person. User's Computer Information. When you connect to S2 for the alpha/beta test, we will retrieve information from the computer used to log onto the beta test about the computer's hardware system and any data related to the computer's operation of S2. We will not collect any personal information about you, however, without your knowledge and consent as stated in our PP.

4. Indemnification

Upon request by S2, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless S2 and its affiliates, subsidiaries, employees, contractors, officers, directors, vendors, and content providers from all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, that arise from a breach of these Terms of Service for which you are responsible or in connection with your transmission of any Content on S2. S2 reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you. In that event, you shall have no further obligation to provide indemnification to S2 in that matter. This Section shall survive termination of this Agreement.

5. Ownership of Materials

All title, ownership rights and intellectual property rights in and to the Game and all copies thereof (including without limitation any titles, computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialog, catch phrases, locations, concepts, artwork, character inventories, structural or landscape designs, animations, sounds, musical compositions and recordings, audio-visual effects, storylines, character likenesses, methods of operation, moral rights, and any related documentation) are owned or licensed by S2. The Game is protected by the copyright laws of the United States, international treaties and conventions, and other laws. The Game may contain materials licensed by third parties, and the licensors of those materials may enforce their rights in the event of any violation of this License Agreement. In addition any and all properties created by end users or third-parties become property of S2. Any attempt to turn user created properties into commercial properties is expressly forbidden and will result in ex parte injunctive relief without bond to prevent the breach or threatened breach of intellectual property rights.
